Part 1: Testing the FileSys Program
For Part 1 of the project, I tested the FileSys program by running various commands to simulate file system actions.
I started by testing the create command with create file1.txt and it successfully created the file.
When I tried create file1.txt again, the program correctly displayed ERROR: File already exists.
Next, I tested the rm command with rm file1.txt, which removed the file as expected, and then
when I tried rm file1.txt again, it showed ERROR: File does not exist. I also tested the mkdir
command by creating a directory with mkdir myfolder, and it successfully created myfolder.
After trying mkdir myfolder again, it correctly displayed ERROR: Directory already exists or cannot
be created. For the cd command, I tested it with cd myfolder, and the program changed the directory to
myfolder, but when I tried cd nonexistdir, it showed ERROR: Directory does not exist. Finally, I tested
the ls and du commands. The ls command listed files in the directory, and the du command correctly calculated
disk usage. Overall, the program worked as expected, creating and deleting files and directories, and handling
errors when commands were incorrect.

Part 2

For Part 2 of the project, I added onto the FileSys program to include recursive functionality like as calculating disk
usage and searching for files and directories. The goal was to make sure these features worked correctly for nested
directory structures and edge cases.This is how i apporached the testing

Testing Approach
In Part 2, I tested the following  features

Recursive disk usage calculation (du command).
Recursive file and directory search (find command).
Error handling for invalid paths or names in recursive operations.
I used  nested directory structures to validate recursive operations and confirmed that
edge cases examples such as searching for files that dont exsit
TEst inmputs example
Creating a file:
create testfile.txt
create document.txt

Removing a file:
rm testfile.txt
rm nonexistentfile.txt

Creating a directory:
mkdir myfolder
mkdir newdir

Changing directories:
cd myfolder
cd nonexistentdir

Listing directory contents:
ls
Calculating disk usage:
du



